[Music]
hey you need a passport size photo for
the campus placements urgently no
worries 1 minute instant photo henna th
minute break only between two classes 2
minute Maggie noodles to the rescue in
this world of instant how can IC Lombard
afford to stay behind and take
technology is that enabler which is
catapulting your business and your
customer servicing to the Forefront an
example will be processing of motor
insurance claims in case of an accident
or damage to the car one would need to
take the car to the nearest garage
complete tons and tons of paperwork and
then the claim is finally approved how
did we at ICICI Lombard make the
transformation to instant in this case
let's just take a
look need of a solution to address the
weight time and Malin intervention
associated with claim related survey
gave birth to the idea of inspect we at
IC lombar take pride in saying we are a
technology-driven company any
contribution that we make towards
organization's vision and goal adding
customer Delight using technology gives
us immense sense of satisfaction freedom
to think unconventionally to change a
conventional process was a great high in
my career right from the
conceptualization of this idea till the
end user delivery it was a great
learning experience now I can proud say
I have one more Flagship project to
make being there for our customers when
they need it the most is the core value
at iel along with being fast and Nimble
for our customers and their families in
times of distress what we want is to be
making their experience smooth rather
than full of formalities and waight
times how did we provide that solution
and demonstrate technology with the
human touch in the health
space due to approvals involved for
cashless claim the process usually takes
2 to 4 hours causing distress to patient
and families who are in that situation
resolving the distress has become a
reality thanks to AIML solution the
algorithm checks for the policy terms
and condition to ensure coverage and
admissibility whereas ml algorithm helps
to determine a pre-approved amount
allowing to get back to the customer
with the approval in a minute I feel I'm
able to make a difference in the way
customer experiences ICICI Lombard
service and also as a human
being even the cattle wants attention
now that we have made human lives easier
who would have thought about a
Technology Innovation that would end up
benefiting cattle along with reducing
Insurance losses let's hear it from the
cow's
mouth just
kidding if human can have a biological
recognition as other then why not cattle
so we worked on the facial and muzzle
recognition in cattle it was a very
challenging as this solution uses a
technology like machine learning and
pattern matching however it was a
fantastic experience as this solution is
directly contributing in the faster
processing with the minimal manual
intervention and huge reduction on the
operational cost this project remains
close to my heart and it gave me an
opportunity to take my love for the
animal to the next level by relieving
cattle from the pain of RFID
injection now that you've heard about
how we have focused on solutions for our
customers let's see how we have taken
charge and worked together to be
technology leaders across the industry
our blockchain implementation is proof
of the
same in icsa Lumbard we believe in
implementing disruptive Technologies to
change the way we do business blockchain
project was once a challenging
implementation the use case of insurance
took a lot of collaboration across
insurance companies IC Lombard took lead
to form an insurance change consultum
and successfully implemented no claim
bonus eligibility in less than 6 months
becoming the industry
first implementing this project has
motivated me to take up challenges heads
on and also provide a lot of recognition
within my organization and Industry
[Music]